W-16347445-AltText2-Mule47-dm (#2776)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/intro-error-handlers.adoc

image::error-handling-example-3.png["A flow showing error handling configurations for HTTP in the inner-flow including UNAUTHORIZED"]

But what if another error occurred in the HTTP request? Although there are only handlers for `NOT_FOUND` and `UNAUTHORIZED` errors in the flow, errors are still propagated by default. This means that if no handler matches the error that is raised, then it is re-thrown. For example, if the request fails with a method not allowed error (3), then it is propagated, causing the Flow Reference component to fail (2), and that propagation results in a failure response (4).

image::error-handling-example-4.png["A flow showing error handling configurations for HTTP resulting in a failure response"]

The scenario above can be avoided by making the last handler match `ANY`, instead of just `HTTP:UNAUTHORIZED`. Notice how, below, all the possible errors of an `HTTP` request are suggested:

> image::error-handling-any.png["An On Error Continue general fiels with types including ANY"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::error-handling-any.png["An On Error Continue general files with types including ANY"]
Or should it be fields?
```

You can also match errors using an expression. For example, since the Mule Error is available during error handling, we can use it to match all errors with the HTTP namespace:

> image::error-handling-expression.png["An On Error Continue general fileds showing an expression to handle HTTP errors"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::error-handling-expression.png["An On Error Continue general fields showing an expression to handle HTTP errors"] or should it be files?
```
